DOC: read-through and edit the new jax tutorials (#20306)
jax-ml/jax: docs/tutorials/quickstart.md

Another useful transformation is {func}`~jax.vmap`, the vectorizing map.
It has the familiar semantics of mapping a function along array axes, but instead of keeping the loop on the outside, it pushes the loop down into a function’s primitive operations for better performance.

> When composed with {func}`~jax.jit`, it can be just as fast as rewriting your function to handle dimensions manually.

Reviewer: I kinda thought mentioning the batch dimension was more clear?
```suggestion
When composed with {func}`~jax.jit`, it can be just as performant as manually rewriting your function to operate over an extra batch dimension.
```

Author: Done
